
Standard License agreement

This is a legal agreement between you, the purchaser, and Webalys. By purchasing or downloading the "Kameleon" icons library from our website you agree to the following:

All the icons remain the property of Webalys. You will receive digital icon files and a royalty-free license to use those files within your own personal and commercial projects.
You're allowed to...

    ✔ Use the royalty-free icons for any personal, commercial project including web design, software, application, advertising, film, video, computer game, gui design, illustration, for you or for your clients, without having to pay additional licensing fees.
    ✔ Use the premium icons in the templates that you create and you resell, like ThemeForest, HTML or Wordpress themes (within a limit of 100 icons used). You can include raterized icons (Png, Gif...), but you cannot include the icons as separate vectors files.
    ✔ You can use the icons for an unlimited number of projects, for you own projects or your customers projects.
    ✔ Use the icons in your application, even in a wireframing or design application, within a limit of 100 icons used per project/website/application. If you want to use more than 100 icons in your application, purchase an "Unlimited Icons License".
    ✔ There is no limit of users for the application, or visitors for the website you've created using the Kameleon icons.
    ✔ Up to 5 users are allowed to use the Icons within your organization or company.
    You have more than 5 users? Purchase an "Extended User License"
    ✔ If you have bought the developer pack, you will get 1 coupon to activate the Kameleon packs in Fontastic. These packs will be available only for 1 Fontastic account, but up to 5 users can use this account and generate icon fonts.
    ✔ Modify The Icons in shape, color, size and/or file format and use the modified icons according to these license terms for any personal or commercial project.

You're not allowed to...

    ✕ You cannot use more than 100 icons in an online/offline generator or application. For example you cannot add more than 100 icons in a wireframe application, as icons that users can place in their wireframes.
    ✕ The Icons may not be resold, sublicensed, rented, transferred or otherwise made available for use or detached from a product, software application or web page without express written permission from Webalys.
    ✕ Making modifications or alterations to any of our icons or other materials does not allow you to then sell or license them.

Fair use of our icons

    ✕ You cannot use the Kameleon Icons in a way that competes with us.
    ✕ You cannot use our icons as the main value of a product for resale, license or other distribution. For example, you cannot use our icons to sell patterns, T-shirts, backgrounds where our icons nring the main value and you just reproduce our icons.

If you want to use our icons as the main value in a product that you resell or distribute, please contact us


These icons are provided as-is without any express or implied warranty.